>> Mike North: We're going to
parameterize one of these components.
We wanna be able to pass values in and
use that as part of building up the HTML.
And we're gonna first
look at ChannelHeader,
where we're gonna pass in a title and
a description.
The way we do this in Ember Octane
is through named arguments,
and here's what that looks like.
>> Mike North: So we pick a name for
a property, title in this case, and
we make sure that we prepend
it with the at symbol.
And whenever you see this
at symbol in a template,
this is an indication that this
is an immutable piece of data
that is being passed into
a component from the outside.
In this case,
we're seeing it from the outside,
that we are passing the string
into the component.
But we can refer to it as @title from
within this component just the same.
So I have a fancy VS Code
extension here where I can Cmd +
click on this component name and
jump into its template.
But if you were using another editor,
you could've just gone templates
> components > channel-header.
That's always where you find components,
templates > components, and
then the name of the component.
So now we're in the channel header, and
I can replace general with a handlebars
expression, that's what these
double curly braces mean.
If you've ever used, in JavaScript,
tagged template literals,
the backtick strings where
you can mix regular data,
static data, like hello and then world.
>> Mike North: And sorry, I said backtick
strings, and that's what I meant.
So you can think of handlebars
expressions similarly in that
anything outside of the expressions is
static, in this case, the regular HTML.
And anything inside that is
an expression that's evaluated.
It could be just a value or
it could be a function that you invoke and
that function returns a value.
So in here, we can just say title, and
we should see the title change
on the right, and it does.
Let's do the same thing
with the description,
and that's this bit down here.
We can select that and replace it with
a handlebars expression, description.
Now, there's nothing there,
just like in JavaScript,
these values start out empty, right?
It's not throwing an error at us, I mean,
I could demonstrate that it's not, but
it's not.
But it's just empty,
it's just not there, so
we could go back to our application.hbs
and give it a description.
>> Mike North: And there you go, so
we can see that both the title and
the description,
their arguments passed into the function,
passed into the component, rather.
And we're using those as part
of building up the HTML.
If you're coming from a React background,
this is equivalent to props.
>> Mike North: And we haven't dealt with
mutating data yet, but it's worth noting
that the component cannot change
these values, they are immutable.
Their components should be given these
values, and they should be used and
accessed but not changed in any way.
>> Mike North: So we've just
parameterized our component, and
this is the end of step three.
>> Speaker 2: So you said in React,
they're called props,
what are they called in Ember?
>> Mike North: Arguments, args.